# My Beloved Keisha,

Happy anniversary my lovelyyy!! I can’t keep the excitement all to myself uahdhaheha it’s been a year since we’ve been boyfriend girlfriend!!! 1 year of official status? 14 months being together! I still can’t wrap my head around that fact since everyday feels like a normal day of loving and cherishing you. My darling, you have made me the happiest guy alive. Maybe we have been experiencing lots of problems and misunderstanding but I’m sure we’re a lot stronger, after all, I have you by my side and you have me by yours! You’ve changed me so much during our time together. Since the first time we’ve met, you have showed me so much and changed me in so many ways. I’m always so fascinated by you and I know that the universe will always bring me to you. I’ll continue to love and adore you, to see and understand you, to care and cherish you, even when my body fails, my soul will always be there for you.

Roses are red, violets are blue, today is our one year, and I’ll always love you!

My darling lovely, you’ve turned my life 180 degrees, changed me in more than one way, you’ve flipped me all around and I can’t thank you enough. Since the day I confessed, September 3, 2023, I got to see and understand you in so many ways, I’ve seen you get excited by the cutest things, seen you cry and get sad during movies, seen you bare, seen you manage through the most difficult situations, seen you be so competitive in so many competitions, seen you pick your nose(even used my finger to pick yours), seen you smile in so many beautiful moments, seen you achieve so many awards, I’ve even managed to see and hear you fart in front of me. 

I got to see all those parts of you and made me fall for you even more, each side and corner of you is something that I’ll continue to love and cherish. You’ve also seen me in so many different ways and I want to show you all of me. Every single thing keeps reminding me of you, to the stars reminding me of your eyes, to the rays of the sun reminding me of you shine in every angle, and gosh do I pray to the stars of how amazing you are. You’ve shown me what true love really is, that true love isn’t all clouds or rainbows and leprechauns. You gave me love that continues to love even through the most hardest times, love that keeps the other safe, love that just loves to love, love that is never ends, love that is unconditional. My love for you will always stay by your side, I’ll continue to cherish and adore you, to always support and motivate you, to always love and care for you for all of eternity. Even if me we live in different universes, may we become trees, rocks, cheezy red hot, stars, dogs, cats, pandas, foxes, jellyfishes, sharks, mofusands, hirono’s, or even labubu’s, I’ll always find you and be with you. Through the thickest of the thick to the thinnest of the thin, I promise to love and cherish you with all of my time. 

In the quiet moments of my day, my thoughts would inevitably drift to you. I can't help but get be amazed by the joy your presence brings into my life. Your laughter is the soundtrack that brightens my days, and your smile, would be the sun that lightens up any day.
There's an ineffable comfort in being with you, a connection that goes beyond words. Your kindness and the way you make me feel cherished are the highlights of my existence. While in your company, life feels not only bearable but beautiful.

Our journey together is a movie with shared moments, with each scene is a moment of our love story. You've become my home, the place where my heart feels safe, understood, and truly alive.
So with this, I leave you with these few words, know that my love for you deepens with each day. Your name is the word my heart continues to call out to, the song my soul longs to sing. I cherish every moment with you, as we continue to head into the unknown with each other side by side.

You continue to amaze me each and every day, Keisha, you are such an incredible girl and I am just so proud of you. I love you with all my heart and soul and I’ll continue to do so with all my time in this world and the next.❤️ Happy anniversary to us my darling!❤️

Your Lovely Sam,

- I love you and happy anniversary my sweetheart
